ae
are here for another biology class and today's subject
is the group 10 before us is nice
you know where the legs that vegetable presented the most characteristics
that evolved from all other plants but the hopes are going
find mariah this
or street
the fruit to blossom
and seeds
and many of these organs the chance to legs us and are part of the war of the
our diet for example
How delicious is that sweet potato that is a root
and that juicy street is the palm heart
and the one who has been wonderful is the cold
then these edible games and the group of small agencies are part of the
our daily lives
what we see now the exercise that I have prepared for us to explain a
little more about this group
shall be deemed the right of
fruit that mind
in a plant over a year
in the plant kingdom over evolutionary time
comparing
the leader
the sequence in which those years arise
in both cases
who appears first
the flower the fruit or the seed in the vegetable group
for this I would like you to accompany
now
the representative of foreign sales
observe
orange mana
then we have there representative of the legs shops claims to act
roots
participates in the cassation process
or color
support
revelers
flowers
the fruit in our interior we will find the seed
and all the organs shown our previous representatives
the flower is the one of the main abuses for the reproduction the vegetables
Forgiveness, we'll find it.
the structures actually sexual and vegetable
because the flower is the sexual organ of plants
the sargentão
with a structure the structure of a flakes
we have there
inside
the presence of structures that are
the sexual part of the athlete
we will find the female part in the male since then
inserted
In this picture
as you observe
besides this flower there is a huge diversity
of forest
with different structures
kouichi feirenses
with different perfumes and more than that
as well as differentiated forms
but always has the photo is the sexual organ of vegetables
now we'll know a little more the floor inside the fluc
internally we will find
from this exact date
mirror
representing the male part of the regime as
capello
he is also a teacher in the teaching network
the cape
is a set of
modified leaves that palocci
representing the female part of the vegetable
the petals
colored leaves question
a youngster
and to ask
the sexual structures
there's no way
let's talk
one of them
who also participate in the protection
these sectoral structures
flower show
we will find
the sexual structures then and their interrogation
and forgiveness outside
sustaining
the sexual structures
as we just got it right
in the same flower we find the female part and the male part
of the vegetable
so in that case we have a warm flower to dry
which means we have two sexes the feminine and the masculine together
in the same house that the same force then in that case
we have
the flower
the american
we could later find flowers day or icasa
where we're going to have sex separated me was just the female part
in another form
only the male part as we will see the balance
how the plants carry out their process of
without conviction
then follow the training of the female gametes in men
So we have this fruit.
the presence
since it was
school subjects
but at the end beds
corresponded to the masculine structure of the vegetable which we call external it
you will not have that good feeling if you try pedophilia etc that occurs
production
decorum
that you are now preserving an excellent
which goes to the connection
of stigma
until the dew
the valence can more dilated the centervale we find the new one in the
vegetables
and it is within you that we are going to have a goal
female being produced
when you now have the pollen grains
these pollen grains
were produced by the company
falls into the sticky region of stigma
ed occurs the growth of a tube
until it reaches
the target
this region of the bustle involving the target we have there
the membranes
which allows the entry of methane gas
male
supporting the female and male part
we have there
the peduncle
we protect the female and male part
we have until it is to be paid